Functions Completed
    1.	Customer can register for customer account

    2.	Customer can log in 
        a)  if log in information incorrect the system will prevent them to log in 
        b)  Else show the customer panel

    3.	Customer can apply checking account
        a)  If customer already have a checking account, the system will prevent them apply again
        b)	If customer input incorrect applying information and the system will reject the request
        c)  Initial balance will be add to checking account

    4.	Customer can apply saving account
        a)	If customer already have a saving account, the system will prevent them apply again
        b)	If customer input incorrect applying information and the system will reject the request
        c)  Initial balance will be add to checking account

    5.	Customer can view balance
        a)  If customer check balance without any account with us, the system will prevent them from check balance and let them apply one
        b)  Else will return balance for each account

    6.	Customer can withdraw money from checking and saving account
        a)  If customer doesn't have a checking or saving account, the system will preven them from withdrawing and prompt them to apply one
        b)	The system will prevent withdraw amount more than balance amount
        c)	The system will prevent withdraw negative balance

    7.	Customer can deposit money to checking and saving 
        a)  If customer doesn't have a checking or saving account, the system w
        c)	The system will prevent deposit negative balance

    8.	Customer can transfer
        a)	If transfer account not found and will tell customer we can't find the account number you provided
        b)	If transfer amount is over than balance in checking account, and the system will tell them insuffcient amount in checking account
        c)	If transfer amount is over than balance in saving account, and the system will tell them insuffcient amount in saving account

    9.	Employee can view all customer’s account
        a) If there is no customer account, and will return "no record"
        b) Else will return all the customer account information

    10.	Employee can view single customer account by enter customer account id
        a) If customer account id doesn't exist, and the system will return "no record found"
        b) Else will return single record of customer account information

    11.	Employee can reject account by customer account number
        a) Account number by which employee entered will be deleted

    12.	Employee can view all transactions
        a) It will return all transactions 

    13. Employee can view single customer transactions by enter customer id
        a) If custoemer id not found and return "no record"
        b) Else return transactions

    13.	Log4j is implemented to log events to a file

    14.	10 Junit test is written to test functionalities
